Hello and welcome to one
Let's talk about a new criticism today
by way of exception, not about a movie
but over a series and today it is
the first season of raising hope and
before I tell
why you like this sitcom very much
First we have the trailer together
why is a baby then I still have
not such a baby shift recently you know
no vial
I have only had them for a few hours
best you give it to the fire station
but over there is somebody there
It's not easy in the flap on
entrance
I only take this for cans and worlds
that's really true you have to
create
i need paper towels chapter campaign
It certainly happened I had a baby
Bought
now that I can have the child seat
I take her in my bed where
do you want him to strap on the will not be
back bank what do you mean with answers
okay the hotels nothing happens
We had such safety things
was not even a baby then
So I have my question to the glass
perhaps a stupid day but on
All vegetables alley I found
you have either black or asian
Babies on it but the babys from the
It does not matter that you should
in no case what a photo
sonsbeck is the one on the young
namely removed
I said that was maybe
a stupid question
The series is about the 23-year-old
Jones's with his parents
yet at his uroma though the demente
From time to time son has his bright spots
and then gets upset that the
family lives with them but then
a few minutes you forget the whole
again and everything is fine again
I said
the father of dennis gardener and so on
also sometimes like him with this
job but pretty seldom comes yet
his life is not really clear either
as he then through one i say now
time awkward misfortune a woman
impregnates this woman is unfortunately only
a serial killer and shared that
they will be executed one they
just to take care of the baby and then
it's really about how come he is
So clearly how does he set his experience
to raise this baby
And then he has a girlfriend, too
very close to him that's fine like
Gandhi his family rather funny than
funny finds so much to content and
I think this way and that
whole tells how that totally funny and
it's always like that and does not know how
scored this child raised so be it
child yes so right and he sometimes knows
not how is that then comes
misfortune to the next one and one is
already at the fourth season
I thought I'm now just
to the first review and yes I think that
super I always totally have fun
if I'm racing that's the way it is
one of the only series i have
really, because she likes it
little
i say underground is because
They really do not recognize everyone as well
how i met your mother and until now
does it all work seamlessly, I say now
times and then there is a total of me
18 possible points and now
what a small but fine
for you to the series raising hope
only case net and let one
I do not want them up there
let a thumb go after that
down there I liked you so much
you you another video of make
ups I would be very happy if you
son is next time
until then your critic